okay here's a video for log cabin loons
he had done a video on his potatoes and
something he found growing on the plant
there and as far as I know those pods
that he found were potato seed pods and
I've got them growing on my plants -
here I'll give you a look-see here's the
potato patch right here in the garden
see if I can find some pods
seems a mere earlier
it doesn't seem like all the plants grow
these okay here we go right here there's
one Roy looks like one of the ones he
was talking about
I said they don't grow on all the plants
but
see these potatoes here see the stalk is
purple these are actually a purple
potato purple skin and purple
purple flesh right through there really
good kind of like a red potato it's one
of the varieties that's in here there's
more in one variety but I was going to
get some trying to find some of those
seed pods anyway let me grab that one
that I found
take that
but now look at it
over here
put it on this rip now I read a book
years ago called into the wild but a guy
that
went off into the wild to live off the
land and he ended up dying and
apparently it was because he ate potato
seeds
and they must have got them from
odds like this as you can see
your seeds in there
view of it but anyway
he ate those and he died as a result
it's a good book was called into the
wild you ever get a chance to read that
it's a good read but apparently that's
why he died was because he ate
these things but as far as I know
they're potato seed pods they don't seem
to grow in all potatoes
don't know why but don't eat them
poisonous but anyway or do that in
response to log jam looms video on the